Matching and ranking with multi-valued fields. (#1936)
vespa-engine/documentation: en/searching-multi-valued-fields.md

## Introduction

When building a search application we need to think about:

- How to [match](query-language.html) a user query against a [document schema](schemas.html) using 
Vespa [query language](query-language.html).   
- How to [rank](ranking.html) documents matching the query 

### Matching

There is a lot of text matching options we should think about when 
designing and mapping our document model to a Vespa document schema:

- For string fields we should think about using text style matching or database-style exact matching.
- For string fields there are also several
[linguistic processing](linguistics.html) options like [tokenization](linguistics.html#tokenization), 
normalization and language dependent [stemming](linguistics.html#stemming).
- String fields which shares the same [match](reference/schema-reference.html#match) 
and linguistic processing settings can be combined using [fieldsets](reference/schema-reference.html#fieldset). 

At query time, we can take the user query and translate it into a valid Vespa query request which implements
our matching and retrieval strategy over the designed document schema.

### Ranking 

> The documents which matches the query and is retrieved by the query is scored using a ranking model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documents which match the query and are retrieved by the query are scored using a ranking model. 
```

Reviewer: or easier rewrite to "The document ..."

type [weightedset](reference/schema-reference.html#weightedset). 
Notice that we change back to default `type=all`. 
In this example we also use the [default-index](reference/query-api-reference.html#model.defaultIndex) 
query parameter to limit matching to the `tags` field.

<pre data-test="exec" data-test-assert-contains='"totalCount": 1'>
$ vespa query 'yql=select * from photos where userQuery()' \
 'query=clear sky' 'type=all' 'default-index=tags'
</pre>

The query matches the document which is no surprise since a tag contains the exact content `clear sky`.
Let us search for just `clear` instead:

<pre data-test="exec" data-test-assert-contains='"totalCount": 1'>
$ vespa query 'yql=select * from photos where userQuery()' \
 'query=clear' 'type=all' 'default-index=tags'
</pre>

Also matches the document, this demonstrates that matching is partial, it does not require
to match the set element exactly. `clear` matches `clear sky` and `sky` will match `clear sky`.  

But what about `black sky`:

<pre data-test="exec" data-test-assert-contains='"totalCount": 1'>
$ vespa query 'yql=select * from photos where userQuery()' \
 'query=black sky' 'type=all' 'default-index=tags'
</pre>

> Also matches our document. This is an example of cross-element matching. With weightedset

Reviewer: consider linking to https://docs.vespa.ai/en/reference/query-language-reference.html#sameelement here, with a short note?

Author: Problem is that sameElement does not offer any ranking features :/

Reviewer: right. I was thinking of just the matching part, and this is a frequent support question. I'll look at the doc again and see if there is a better place to just mention this

Author: sameElement is great, but only supported for the complex array of struct and map, which per today, is only supported for attribute fields, and has no rank feature support.

> usig `indexing:index` with `match:text` multi term queries match across elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using `indexing:index` with `match:text` multi term queries match across elements.
```
